Jaime C: You
I am good.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are at home. It looks like right
Jaime C: So my my mess behind me.
Gwenevere Abriel: any attention to that.
Jaime C: Oh,
Jaime C: You run around packing and stuff today so not looking my hottest or anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Packing tell me, tell me about what the next trip is
Jaime C: So,
Jaime C: Um, so I did apply for that Denver property and everything sounded very promising that regional over there said I was a good fit for it that the property has done nothing but bad get better since I was there. And so I applied for it and had total plans to go to Denver.
Jaime C: And at the same time I was the last week I was there in Denver, my, my boss from here. My GM and my regional
Jaime C: Said that they need that the airport property in Albuquerque. They needed that GM so that that property went on the market, a year ago.
Jaime C: They offered that JAMA severance package. He didn't take it. So he just found another job and and went to marry out somewhere. And that was a couple weeks ago so that hotel doesn't have a jam at all.
Jaime C: So I was in Denver. That's what they were talking to me about is when you get back, we might need you to cover that property.
Jaime C: And so
Jaime C: I thought it was just going to be, you know, like temporary coverage but what they're offering as an interim GM
Jaime C: But I told them. So, which is covering the property until it sells
Jaime C: But I told them. Instead, we do have to put it in the contract that I get to stay with the company and transfer that I'm not accepting a severance package and so they have agreed agreed to that. But it seems like my boss here.
Jaime C: At that's what they're pushing and so the next thing I know, after my boss says that she's had these conversations with both regionals and her boss.
Jaime C: That she said that I need to not count on Cherry Creek and that there's three floating jams in that other region that need permanent places. And so they're obligated to fit them in there first.
Jaime C: And so it was definitely a little disappointing. I feel like my boss.
Jaime C: Feel like she
Jaime C: Was not looking out for me in that, in that instance, I feel like she
Jaime C: I don't know what it was. I think that I don't think she was ready to not have an assistant yet.
Jaime C: As soon as I came back. She hasn't been on property since I've been back to Denver. She's been taking time off.
Jaime C: And so
Jaime C: I think that's, I never would have thought that she would do something like that. But that's how it feels right, it feels like she was pushing that airport property, even though that's not the best for, for me, I don't think, but
Gwenevere Abriel: But does it make her look good, that she saw a difficult problem with a really competent person maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. She's not advocating so much for you anymore. Now she's kind of just kind of doing her own thing for herself.
Jaime C: Maybe
Jaime C: I don't know what it seems like to me it. That's how it feels. That's what it looks like, because I kept telling her
Jaime C: I understand there's a position open here, but I have my heart set on Cherry Creek I've grown to attach that to the attached to the team is attached to me. You know, I just that property has a lot of potential and we could have done a lot with it.
Jaime C: So,
Jaime C: I, I am going to take the the interim GM position here and but it's okay because I get the GM pay, so I'll be making quite a bit more
Jaime C: And when something does open, it's gonna be a lot easier for me to transfer laterally.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm excited for you. I mean,
Jaime C: You're excited you're not exactly what I wanted. But it's still promotion and still bettering myself.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I mean, I wonder if you'll ever know what was going on with this woman. I don't know.
Jaime C: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: She may have some pressures that we may never be informed on no
Jaime C: I have realized, you know, the last couple weeks I realized how truly controlling that woman is
Jaime C: You know, her, her and her daughter weren't talking for a couple months because her daughter's 22 and started dating a 47 year old man look older than my boss.
Jaime C: But they quit talking for a couple months and then her daughter came around rotor this giant letter about how she wants her mom back in her life. But she said in these boundaries with her mom.
Jaime C: She when she's talking to me about this is when I realized how truly controlling she is and you know she was reading that letter, and I thought it was a positive letter, but she got so angry and just wanted nothing to do with her daughter, because their daughters, try to set these boundaries.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Jaime C: It's like I'm not going to just take the crumbs of her life. She needs to spend more time with me than just an hour a day like
Jaime C: I don't know. It just showed me a whole different side of her that I didn't really see this last year so
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you probably have seen it but to really have understood it from that perspective, something really different. Huh.
Jaime C: Yeah. And since I've been back from Denver, you know, the first couple days, it was a little odd TO BE BACK AND HER AND I BOTH FELT IT BECAUSE SHE her and I sat down and talked about it.
Jaime C: And she said, You know, I really, she said that I know that it's hard to go and run your own hotel for a while and then come back and be my assistant and she said, I want you to know that I appreciate you doing that transition gracefully is what she said.
Jaime C: And
Jaime C: And I told her, you know, I said, You know, I feel like I'm afraid to do things here because I'm stepping on your toes. Now I feel like you're my colleague and not my boss and
Jaime C: She said that she felt the same way and then. So since then, this last week. I feel like she's been doing things to kind of flex your muscles.
Jaime C: Like there's just random daily tasks that I know how to do you know with my eyes closed, but she's texting me saying, hey, don't forget to do this or, please do.
Jaime C: That kind of stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I wonder if you're having a missed opportunity. Maybe you're already doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Like her daughter and you're not behaving the way she wants you to so she keeps my she likes that she liked that position clearly likes being the mentor. She keeps forcing forcing that back in
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it's just really simple for her and you call it control and she is. She wants to be
Jaime C: On no boss and
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and then
Gwenevere Abriel: You need to be one step down for her to feel comfortable. She doesn't really
Gwenevere Abriel: Even with her adult daughter right her adult daughters trying to rise up mom keeps saying that's a crumb and pushing that down almost doing the same thing to you to
Jaime C: really realize that
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you did. Okay. Yeah, that's what it looks like. Out here. So it's really personal. This is just
Gwenevere Abriel: It's but. But you do know it because you recognize it in the control. You can grab it on that word, but it has to do with she gets the control by knowing more
Gwenevere Abriel: Right and being the rescuer and being the hero and she gets that's where she gets her refueling it's, it doesn't leave a lot of wiggle room for the rest of us to grow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you supposed to feel good about yourself. I means I have to stay small and ignorant. She's going to probably have a hard time being able to meet you on that colleague level you because you're more mature. I mean,
Jaime C: You've done some development.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have a problem because typically right I do this thing where we say the jobs over here it's it's not who I am.
Gwenevere Abriel: Today,
Gwenevere Abriel: Today I'm just a little. I'm a case worker. I'm just gonna make calls
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm the same clinician. It's just, I'm going to tell people, don't forget to put your appointment in your calendar.
Jaime C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't go to graduate school to tell people to do that, but I'm not hung up on that. That's what treatment looks like today. That's what's needed today. I don't care. Money's just as green to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't need. It's not me. He's having a hard time with that you can pop in and I'll bust some tables. The table needs bus and I'm, I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a bus.
On the bus.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know if
Gwenevere Abriel: You would do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: She would get really upset. Why is the staff not here and spend all our time bye bye bye life just bust the table work it out later these customers need
Jaime C: Money.
Gwenevere Abriel: You strike me as someone who would just get it done. If there was no one around to get it done.
Jaime C: Right. Yeah, and then figure it out later.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, people help later like what, why, where is everybody
Gwenevere Abriel: Back or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so it's hard to see when you grow it means you see see it all the more you evolve and really recognize toxicity and patterns of habitual behavior in yourself and others, you cannot see it.
Jaime C: Right.
Jaime C: True.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm excited for you. I really am. I just
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, oh boy. And what that says what a testament. Anyone who, let's say, is in the know the folks that know how badly you kind of want the Eugene spot.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're going to be like wow you took this you crushed it. You did great in Albuquerque, and you really wanted this thing. I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: You were very you weren't caddy you didn't start gossiping didn't bad mouth this gal you handled it beautifully you crushed it and you get to kind of say, Yeah, I did this thing. Now, I really want a lot of that. You know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Leverage down the line knows
Jaime C: Yeah, it could be, I mean every all the the the regional over there.
Jaime C: And her boss both said that they would be a reference for me it would vouch for me and how I ran up property. So that's huge.
Gwenevere Abriel: Huge
Jaime C: All right, let me
Gwenevere Abriel: I am remembering right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you and Greg had about a week or so ago had a breakup. And I'm wondering kind of want to touch on that and see how your, your hearts doing
Jaime C: So we still haven't really talked, we haven't talked. I don't know why somebody, but we started talked. Um, and it's been the last couple days that I feel
Jaime C: Better. I guess content.
Jaime C: I mean, I was definitely a hot mess the last week or so it was very hard to focus at work. I couldn't sleep very well. I never I mean just eating was not appealing it it was difficult.
Jaime C: But I did send him a message, letting him know that
Jaime C: I am perfectly okay with him with me with giving him his face that he clearly wants
Jaime C: And that I do want to work this out and I love him. I hope he's okay.
Jaime C: And so he read the message and has get to respond.
Gwenevere Abriel: So late so you kind of said you broke up. And then in the quiet. You also say we're back together.
Jaime C: No, not necessarily. Got together. I just told him that I'm I just want to talk to him that I want to work it out because the message. The last message I just sent him was like by basically right i do
Jaime C: I know that I reacted off emotion and i and i said some things to him. I probably shouldn't have said.
Jaime C: I felt guilty about that. And I think a lot of that was eating at me.
Jaime C: I don't know this, this is something that I've done a lot in my life with relationships is I
Jaime C: Very quickly. Okay, we're done by
Jaime C: But this is the first time that I've actually like
Jaime C: Gone back
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Jaime C: And wanted to figure out
Jaime C: If I don't know, I just, I guess.
Jaime C: I feel like I'm scared to death of rejection. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably sees you To reject someone before they reject us. That's a pretty common one. Yeah.
Yeah.
Jaime C: Yeah. And so I just with him. It just doesn't feel right. It doesn't. It doesn't.
Jaime C: You
Gwenevere Abriel: caught yourself maybe using emotional reasoning, right, we think, well, if I'm feeling rejected. Why, then it must be true that someone is rejecting me
Gwenevere Abriel: That's emotional reasoning, if that's what was happening you sounds like you caught yourself and you're checking out those initial assumptions. So does he write you back where you guys out with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a slow slow boat between you two.
Jaime C: He is acting exactly how I expect him to act. I really genuinely feel like he was hurt by the things that I said while he's out there working and this is this is how it expect him to act because that
Gwenevere Abriel: And and and expecting to act, meaning it. There's just no texting no calling know
Jaime C: You would show yeah he would shut down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Shut down. OK. OK.
Jaime C: So I do feel better after I sent him the last tags. I prayed about it and prayed about it, pray about it. And I was just a hot mess. And so after I sent him that text. Two days ago I just felt relieved I felt better. I felt. Okay. I feel like he's gonna reach out eventually he will
Gwenevere Abriel: Interesting how
Jaime C: I just have I really need to learn how to control my emotion. I do.
Jaime C: I'm speak out like it right. I just sometimes like when I'm feeling intense emotion like maybe somebody's hurting me or some I'm confused about a relationship or something. I just react instantly off my emotion and
Jaime C: I don't like it. It's hard for me to sit in that. And that's what I'm trying to remind myself is just to fit in that for a minute and let it have
Gwenevere Abriel: So we could definitely spend some time on that. Why don't we do your home. So we can we can kind of do maybe some some inner child working around that maybe let's let's see what comes up with this one.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go to that feeling.
Gwenevere Abriel: With Greg.
Gwenevere Abriel: He said something or the absence of his saying anything you make up a story, maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know. Is that what
Jaime C: I just my mind goes to the worst possible scenario where you go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but what was actual. What's the actual
Gwenevere Abriel: activating event is it he did something said something or you said something and it was just quiet.
Jaime C: He
Jaime C: So yeah, I did. I text him letting him know I was worried about them thinking about him and he just ignored me for two days.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go.
Jaime C: Yeah. And then when I looked on that one app. He was sitting there active so
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I'm remembering the story. It just hit me. He was talking to his daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. How could you, you said you couldn't talk, you were talking to
Gwenevere Abriel: Your daughter, clearly, and you said, well, this is what this means.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're done. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now you're sitting with
Gwenevere Abriel: Owning that you
Gwenevere Abriel: Knowing him hurt his feelings and his style is to kind of get quiet and work it, work it out on this on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ignored
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So that sounds familiar.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's still work with it though. Even though it's something we've touched on before you can still hold a lot of energy.
Gwenevere Abriel: To see what comes up when
Gwenevere Abriel: You are left alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: To fill in the blanks. I'm going to come up with
Gwenevere Abriel: What meaning is happening right now because no one is responding to me, no one's talking to me, explaining is my interpretation. Correct. There's no one to bounce it off of
Gwenevere Abriel: Or even the sense of any reasonable person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would be talking to me would be communicating. I feel ignored trackback. See how old. See if you can grab the most intense or the oldest of that I'm being ignored.
Jaime C: Instantly, as soon as you said that I had a memory pop up. I'm in the house. It was the same house.
Jaime C: That I was molested in
Jaime C: I'm ready, remember having a little red tricycle.
Jaime C: And and I had some go ahead in the tires. And so I had a little pocket knife, and I was poking up. I mean I had
Gwenevere Abriel: Hopes
Gwenevere Abriel: What just happened Yanks somebody text you
Jaime C: Have to have been probably for three you know later.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I just came back online. Okay, so, so I got lost with pocket knife. I don't know what you said between pocket knives and H3.
Jaime C: Are very soon. So yeah, I was probably three or four around there and I was taking the pocket knife, and I was poking pulling out the
Jaime C: The Go ahead, out of my tire and
Jaime C: I remember when I was pulled poking them out the pocket knife went into my in right here like as a little kid was very scary and
Jaime C: The way that I see it still is the pocket knife went in there very deep and I remember pulling it out and it looked like a big black hole right there. And my my hand.
Jaime C: And I ran to my mom and showed her what had happened, and she did not care. She just took the pocket knife from me. And that was it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me see what didn't care. You saying she
Gwenevere Abriel: Takes it like this and just walks away.
Jaime C: I remember, I remember her saying I had the pocket knife in my hand. Still, and I remember showing my Mom, look. This hurts and on my hand right here. Yeah. And are you just remember her saying, Give me that. And she took the pocket knife keynote, was it
Gwenevere Abriel: And you were left doing what
Jaime C: It was good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does the memory have any more details after that.
Jaime C: No more just remembers my mom walking off. I remember feeling, feeling
Jaime C: Like Why are, why are you not care that I have this hole in my hand. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why do you not
Care.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's check and see how activating just even pulling up that memory is now.
What's it like for you.
Jaime C: Here I can feel it feel down
Jaime C: In the chest. Yeah.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what do we label that let's let's name it to tame it what what do we call that emotion that physically is felt in the chest. Let's give it that
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's give it a name that emotion. What is that this
Jaime C: Sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I can't help it. Jamie, but I feel confused.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you
Jaime C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not just me.
Jaime C: No, definitely confusing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you confused as a tiny tot just three and four.
Jaime C: I remember
Jaime C: Just wondering like why she didn't care.
Jaime C: But maybe it just wasn't that big a deal. And that's why maybe I'm putting too much weight on it. It's really not that big a deal.
Jaime C: That's why she didn't care.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you can't picture the blood and the pain. None of that stands out. I'm noticing, you're not sharing any of those details right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay so the emotional residue of that event is there.
Gwenevere Abriel: But notice how
Gwenevere Abriel: The staying the physical staying isn't what you're focused on talking about
Not
Gwenevere Abriel: Just but there is the whole right there's that black hole that went through.
Gwenevere Abriel: And she wouldn't see it if she looked at it, she just seen that and gone through and done through
Jaime C: Yeah, I was a little four year old and it was a pocket knife that just went all the way in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can look at it. You're setting God here.
Gwenevere Abriel: How upsetting son scale 02 hundred are you at right now.
Jaime C: I'd say probably five or six
Maybe 5060 okay
Gwenevere Abriel: And the thought back then was
Gwenevere Abriel: I might be making a bigger deal out of it than it is because this trusted caregiver isn't making a fuss. I'm making a bigger deal out of it.
Jaime C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe my deals not big. Maybe it's not a big deal.
Jaime C: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see if we can. I want to get a sense of the setting that we've got here. I think you have a bed behind you. I think you're sitting on a bed and my right and I'm resting on a desk or some sort of
Jaime C: Side A barstool
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and you have space in between barstool and seating.
Yeah.
Jaime C: And I'm on my laptop.
Gwenevere Abriel: Laptop. Beautiful. Um, I thought we would just something a little different, is there in that space, a chair that you can scoot sort of bring it on screen. So I can see it. You'd be seated there and the chair. I'd be able to see both
Jaime C: I'm not in here, but I could go get one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Could you, that'd be awesome. Alright.
Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright so let me see. Are you you sitting in the chair.
Jaime C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what I'm going to want this is a little different here. What I'm going to want is the screen turn so that the chair is facing the bed so that watch this is what we might be doing. It's called the empty chair technique.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you might be seated here and then we'll go here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to need to be able to see them both position. So you want to turn the screen so it can space. The chair in the bed just right where those two were the two flip flop, you go here and then. Yeah, you got it. That's the one that's beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And today's an exercise day. So let's go stand up and now I want you to look at both. You're going to stand up and look at both of these seats stand back behind
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to look at the bed and I want you to look at the see
Gwenevere Abriel: I want. She just sort of say, all right,
Gwenevere Abriel: Where would my mom be going to have a conversation with my mom this therapist is going. Am I doing these kooky exercises and little me is going to be
Gwenevere Abriel: Either on this bed or maybe she'll be the one standing in the middle. There's going to be three characters in this will four if you count the therapist.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to be a lot as a whole group of people in here. There's going to be parent whose mom. There's going to be little you and then there's going to be Jamie as an adult.
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll work that out later but for now I want you to picture where would mamby where would three four year old day
Jaime C: For my moment and share and me I'm little me on the bed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's put go ahead and have a seat you on the bed.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got tissue, you're so smart, you're like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, she got make me cry today and be like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, we gotta laugh.
Gwenevere Abriel: So yep, there she is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, Jamie. As a little girl, you know, the message you, you had to absorb this Confusing. Confusing moment that
Gwenevere Abriel: You get to read a story right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever comes up. That's what we want to go with. In other words, you may feel sad or you may feel scared. I'm going to want to know. Just because I can't read your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm going to guide you, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't expect you to know what to do. I'm really comfortable with this technique I really like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: may go slow. We're fine with slow. I love slow
Gwenevere Abriel: But don't edit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever comes up, let me let me hear that because then I'll be able to say switch, and switch means you're going to switch chairs and you don't even have to wait for me. Once you do that, switch chair. What you do is you embody
Gwenevere Abriel: That person. Well, okay, well fine, mom, what might I respond to, if my little girl said that to me and you just sort of get into that character in a sense, and you say, you know, your mom might say, oh, knock it off. Toughen up. Right. We say it.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: Your therapist here and i i might intervene, I might do something right as a therapist to make sure everybody's. Okay, so I'm here and I'm going to participate in this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some other dynamics may come up around the adult self but we'll get to that when you need to. So first, Jamie. Just remind me. Do you have a nickname as the little girl.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay, so I'll just say little a little girl or child which one or do you have a different one you like.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, they'll go okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: Little girl. Why don't you take a look at your at your left hand that you snapped.
Jaime C: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so just take a look at it sort of picturing that
Gwenevere Abriel: That black hole that you created. He was just playing AND HOW THAT KNIFE.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then take a look at mom that's sitting in the chair.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does it say first thing that comes to mind. What does it seem like she's doing
Jaime C: She's married
Gwenevere Abriel: Great not great that she's mad, but she that you can see it on her face. Is it like in her eyebrows. Is your jaw for teeth. What, what do you see your
Jaime C: Screen or
Jaime C: Blair and I was like,
Jaime C: Okay, now
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now feel what it's like to be around that puckered face that mad face as a little girl, what's that like for you to be around them.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the emotion that you hate feeling around her.
Jaime C: Just makes me feel
Jaime C: Scared and
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to summon up that imagery that you've been able to tap into before. Have you resource figures and your team, we have this sense of dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: bring that into your awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: We have a grandparent in there too.
Jaime C: Yeah yeah
Nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: Ground grandma.
Gwenevere Abriel: As a nurturing figure
Gwenevere Abriel: And dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very much embodying. For now, we'll just use dad as this imagery of protective nature and wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just see if you can bring that awareness around the little girl.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just let her have a moment with really
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, realizing
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not just me with this mom with this face that I see I have
Gwenevere Abriel: Have this sense of
Gwenevere Abriel: Nurturing some protection inside have available that resource.
Gwenevere Abriel: Check and see with the little girl. Of course, this is imagination, but
Gwenevere Abriel: You can still feel very real to. She seemed like she might be able to tell her mom something asked her mom something here with me here with those qualities of protection wisdom and your trends in the little girl say anything, do anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: I, you know, still no no no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because Mom my
Jaime C: Because I don't want to hurt her.
Jaime C: I don't want to feel bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Does she know that you're taking care of her right now.
Jaime C: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you like that feeling of taking care of her.
Jaime C: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So go to that one, that one, you have some more access to
Gwenevere Abriel: See if there's something she could say you of course LITTLE GIRL COULD SAY TO MOM, while you're taking care of her. What could you say you see her face. She, she's upset or mad, she's got this pucker
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you like taking care of her. Okay. Go with that quick little girl do or say
Gwenevere Abriel: switch seats.
Gwenevere Abriel: So mom a little girl asked to a why question.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's just a little girl, so
Gwenevere Abriel: She thinks you're matter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wants to understand
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see her and how she's maybe feeling. Can you see her face.
Jaime C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you think she's feeling
Jaime C: Is bad
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to know why she said
Jaime C: Yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you feel comfortable finding out maybe asking or
Gwenevere Abriel: What feels right for you.
Jaime C: I would, yes. So I guess I'm a little confused about this part because i would i would definitely I would absolutely. That's how I picture it is I would love my daughter to death. He had I don't, but my mom wouldn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, we'll hold on to. Right. There's, there's a dissonance there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's, let's get through that. What does mom do. So I'll ask that again this is Mom, do you see your daughter's sad. Do you know, she said, do you see it at all.
Jaime C: Yes, you do. Okay.
Do you
Gwenevere Abriel: Have the ability to both
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel your own feelings and also care about your daughter's sad, can you be with both
Jaime C: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: No more, no less. What do you have to give your daughter, little girl right now. Could you do
Jaime C: Just tell her, and show her that I care just hug her and let her know I love her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Hug her and you you know her pretty well. I wonder how she could let in.
Gwenevere Abriel: The knowledge that you love her. The hug.
Jaime C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then letting her know something, I wonder what you might say, would you say anything to her to
Gwenevere Abriel: Just hook. Okay, switch sides.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Jamie, take your left hand and kind of put it kind of under your arm a bit under here here right hand around
Gwenevere Abriel: Around the left shoulder, and I want you to just now kind of sink into it. Let those shoulders drop into it. And this is kind of the cookie part and just just feel what it's like to have that arm held and to be contained and held
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to use that imagination and just picture that mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Came over and hold, and she showed you
Gwenevere Abriel: And she sees your sound.
She doesn't quite know what to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: She showed you and she cares about your distress.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get a sense if you believe and trust that hug.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was a little girl taking in this hug. Is it believed, it's real.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's coming up to not to edit this is real.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tender.
Jaime C: Me.
Jaime C: I guess it's hard for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can like release the hug for just a moment. Let's get a little more understanding sounds is basically, it's hard to even imagine. Because right okay so let's let's pull in another piece of this which has to do with
Gwenevere Abriel: You are three four very young.
Jaime C: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't have
Gwenevere Abriel: The life experience the knowledge and brain development that you have now as an adult.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which had a picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you and I both do it will both stand up will walk behind these two seats.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to now be the guide.
Gwenevere Abriel: She just stand here and really take a look at this hurting little girl. You can see her there. She sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: An earlier, there was
Gwenevere Abriel: Why
Gwenevere Abriel: He had apply right why
Why
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can see, Mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this time, it can go down differently.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you do, what's the impulse here. You're the one that knows how to balance.
Gwenevere Abriel: The resource of a mother, the needs of a child you as an adult are in the middle, in essence,
Gwenevere Abriel: What can be done here. What needs fixing what needs attention.
Jaime C: Your first thought is to just
Jaime C: Get angry at her and tell her. Look, that's your daughters. She wants you to love her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah. And so why don't you that's really important. Notice how your hand went out to the little girl now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Also, hold your hand out to mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know
Gwenevere Abriel: But see, right, just not quite as comfortable. But see, because we have to balance the needs of all it inside of us. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is the psyche. So this is these are the different ego state. So if moms. You're mad at it. You're mad at her. Why can't you just look at her take just Tucker, take care of her.
Gwenevere Abriel: When she just look right at mom and tell her.
Gwenevere Abriel: One more time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really seeing mom understand her history, you know her family history, you know her limitations, you know it, but still, your job is to get the child's needs met. What do you, what do you say to mom. One more time. What do you say,
Jaime C: You need to love your daughter, your daughter's wanting you to love her and show her that
Gwenevere Abriel: What is mom's face look like when you say that
Jaime C: Just see a blank expression.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right, Jamie. Okay, I just wanted to say something. So yeah, hold on to it. You see her blank expression. You are not three years old.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are a badass woman you have every bit of resource notice you and you can tap into it with that with that anger and you can just know this is real.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, I just got my, I just, I'm a G. Yeah, I mean, I'm like, I'm like, I just got promoted I'm amazing. I even texted my boyfriend who's ignoring me like you own it. I want you to look at this woman's blank face.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ask her question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Asked that blank face. What do you ask
Jaime C: Why, why don't you want to love her. Why don't you want to show her that you care, I don't you want to do that for her.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does she say to. Why don't you want to because you're asking her, Why don't you wanted. What does she say that go sit down in long spot.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know you got a lot of people in the room here.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not gonna look at the at the baby, you're going to look up, she was standing over there, look up, you see one. No, no. Yeah, there we go look and you say, right, you are. Okay, so here goes. Why don't you want to love her.
Gwenevere Abriel: And mom response.
Jaime C: We do have her
Jaime C: I don't know how to show her. Okay.
Here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mom, how does that feel to not know how to show love
Jaime C: Yo,
Jaime C: I feel terrible. I feel I want to love people. And I want to show her that I love her, but I can't. And I don't know how
Gwenevere Abriel: Really low
Gwenevere Abriel: And adult Jamie tell her. Again, if that's the truth. I don't know how I feel terrible. But I simply do not know how
Gwenevere Abriel: To really tell her. Let's see what happens.
Jaime C: I don't know how
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, which now you stand up adult Jamie
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell Mom what that's like to hear her say that just raw
Jaime C: I feel sad for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even in this state. Gotta be careful. So, let's go. It'll go back to know more role play. But let's do a little bit of processing, because I want to protect the emotional process here. So, have a seat. And you can just be you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Drama workshops over
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: But don't lose it. Still, still go there and review it. Play it through like a little movie.
Gwenevere Abriel: And through
Gwenevere Abriel: See, see what comes up as we begin to lift to lighter sings at the end of the session we pick up on things that were important. Maybe things we don't want to work on, we can put in a container.
Jaime C: See what you notice and just feel bad for her.
Jaime C: I feel like it makes sense. And I could accept that answer. I can accept that she doesn't know how I just feel bad for
Sup dancer.
Gwenevere Abriel: She doesn't know how
Gwenevere Abriel: Terribly inconvenient for her family members.
Gwenevere Abriel: Terribly inconvenient and wounding to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's the fact. There it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can't pretend like it doesn't exist. She simply doesn't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: And without down there to compensate and try and show her go. Give the kid a hug.
Jaime C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, he was there he knew what to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now she's got nobody to
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell him what to do. And she hasn't and we already know right she needs some professional help weed.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not that common for those are adults to go. Get them. Get that help that you can accept the facts.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would invite you over the coming week to consider magically as if it were possible, but the this combination of of the adults in the little girl if there wasn't a knowledge that
Gwenevere Abriel: Mom simply can't
Gwenevere Abriel: Then maybe what maybe it's not my assessment of distress isn't off. Now this is a big freakin deal. You're not the right person to talk to clarify, because you are close but you questioning your own assessment of something at three and four.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was a big deal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was a big deal to to even have the knife to begin with. I won't go there.
Jaime C: But right
Gwenevere Abriel: But you see my point. I'm we're going around on us is, is you ended up questioning your own reality.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you did it again in that house when you were violated, you had to question, is this not a big deal. Where do I go to write
Gwenevere Abriel: It was big deal but you'd already gotten in the habit of questioning is this is this worth any buddies fussing over CAN, SHOULD WE fuss. Now,
It was a bit
Gwenevere Abriel: She doesn't register her barometers off, not yours.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's let's end today with really go go immerse yourself in that after that breath right you just let go of that. So let's really be present with
Gwenevere Abriel: The figures that have been in your life that did see Jamie does have the ability to tune in word she can assess right, wrong, good, bad, what she likes. She doesn't like know her own preferences. She knows
Gwenevere Abriel: And people reflect it back to you. Yep. Look, she does like this. No, she doesn't like that. And it's lovely to have that echo back at us to be seen and to be known.
Your mom can't
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's sad. It means she's not gonna feel love either
Gwenevere Abriel: That sad.
Very sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: She has had a difficult time of it herself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Back here. We don't have to feel the raw wounding of it as if it's happening now.
Gwenevere Abriel: You get to bring in
Gwenevere Abriel: These other figures that really do know how to validate you and say, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know you you can accept what is
Gwenevere Abriel: You have to turn to other resources and you have you, you have your adult you now that knows. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think that's what makes possible for you to reach out for Greg again you're growing your resilience your tolerance for possible
Gwenevere Abriel: Rejection misunderstanding is growing, you are getting stronger.
Gwenevere Abriel: And although with, you know, you were saying, well, I need to work on that you are you're working on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It just, it's not written out this dot dot dot this dot dot dot but in the psyche, in the stuff that you're doing in here. And when you're living your truth more and more and more as you're speaking it
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're healing when you're doing that.
Jaime C: makes me happy to hear that. Yeah.
Jaime C: It's exciting.
Gwenevere Abriel: So whenever sloughed whatever negative charge might be left in the chest or the throat of the guy over the shoulders of the legs, the size the hands just gently put it in that box, send it away, you can
Jaime C: I don't feel like I have any negative feelings. Right now I
Gwenevere Abriel: Like it
Jaime C: I feel pretty like
Gwenevere Abriel: What we want. Excellent. So let's talk about what works for you and I know right now that deductibles weighing heavily. So you tell me when you want to meet again.
Jaime C: Um, yeah, I mean, at the very least, I would like to stick with the one on ones with you on Monday. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright so that puts it at March night.
Jaime C: And I'll see
Gwenevere Abriel: You at 10 I wrote down. All right. Jamie may raise topic of 30 day and myself and
Gwenevere Abriel: Morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that right, you wanted to talk about that with a doc tomorrow.
Jaime C: Yeah, her and I, um, we did send a couple emails back and forth, and so I didn't tell her what was going on. She said that was okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Am I going to see you tomorrow.
Jaime C: Or yes, yes I will be in the morning. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll see you tomorrow morning.
Jaime C: All right. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Bye bye.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hello, well you got that got that picture up there.
Gwenevere Abriel: fixed it. Good morning.
Jessica G: Morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Man, I was like touching go thinking, she's leaving us. Nope. She's saying she's leaving us she's saying is that how it feels.
Jessica G: You know,
Jessica G: So I was making
Jessica G: Just only when
Jessica G: You know, whenever I have the trouble with the
Jessica G: And more because it's more frustrating. I guess for me because I don't have a ride. So the only time I can go, I don't have specific times when I can go and that's after he gets out of work.
Jessica G: When he gets out of work like around 630 and between six and seven and then I cooked dinner. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, let
Gwenevere Abriel: Me, bring me up to speed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is dedication. Are you do have enough to get you to, I don't know whether we're at two weeks, or we're out. I'm a little lost myself, but are you right where you need to be or is there still some fine tuning that's needed around the prescription part
Jessica G: Well, I have enough I have enough for
Jessica G: Sorry, let me get comfortable. I have enough for
Jessica G: Today and tomorrow.
Jessica G: So she gave me a week's worth
Gwenevere Abriel: I got one of my older kids returned home, I was like, oh,
Jessica G: My God, like scary.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we're okay. I'm okay so so so sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Medication
Gwenevere Abriel: You've had some exchanges with Dr. Rob real is it. When's your next refill going to be when is your next order needed
Jessica G: So I have enough for today and tomorrow. She prescribed me a week's worth which worked out fine. You know, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's
Gwenevere Abriel: Stick with that and whatever's going on with the pharmacist did that kind of get resolved, is it seemed like that technicians not there are things coming down at the actual pharmacy or do you need to change pharmacies.
Jessica G: Well, the thing about that pharmacy is that it's 24 hours. That's nice.
Jessica G: So whenever I do get the chance to go
Jessica G: It's usually like around nine o'clock at night.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you don't go at 630 because you're preparing dinner for
Gwenevere Abriel: For boyfriend husband boyfriend. Boyfriend
Boyfriend
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's on my radar to talk about him to because there's some stuff going on between you two.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's really, it's on my mind like in a big way. But I want to make sure that this other pieces really clear.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you feel settled like okay this is the plan.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't have to go through days of not having medicine. We've got a routine in place now with with the prescriptions that failed more subtle.
Jessica G: Um, no, I just, I feel
Jessica G: I feel like we should still do to week if we can
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, well, um, and did you offer that to her. Do you want to talk about it like tomorrow morning, and I'll, I'll support you. Okay, I'll support that plan.
Jessica G: Yeah. That would be nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's do it. Let's do it. Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: My ears just started getting funky. So let's talk about the elephant in the room.
Jessica G: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: The pink elephant. Let's talk about the dynamics between you and your boyfriend.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're starting to hear right when I do these little activities in group or right you're starting to hear some things maybe where huh
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. What do you, what are you noticing in this relationship. Are you getting what you need. Are you really just accommodating what's going on.
Jessica G: I'm not happy.
Jessica G: I'm not happy, but it could be worse. Well,
Jessica G: Yeah, it can be a lot worse. And he's a good dad, and he's
Jessica G: A provider, you know, and everything and
Jessica G: I kind of already have a plan set in motion of what I'm going to do. And I talked to him about it a little bit.
Jessica G: Like as far as me getting a job and everything. And that's just going half on everything.
Jessica G: Can you show
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of more about the specifics of that plan.
Jessica G: Like getting a bigger place and maybe having our own ruins.
Jessica G: And
Jessica G: Me pain has been him pain, half of everything.
Jessica G: Which which, if I think about it, it'll be way easier and way cheaper for us, you know, because I'm not happy with the way things are going between now
Gwenevere Abriel: If you, if you could change one thing tomorrow morning woke up and this behavior of his was either there because it's needed, or it was gone. What are we really talking about
Jessica G: You just
Jessica G: He just doesn't appreciate me it doesn't respect.
Jessica G: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I see. So if you woke up in the morning and he was showing you respect and appreciation, you'd notice that for sure. Right.
Jessica G: Yeah, and be genuine about it, you know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, yeah, we can't be
Gwenevere Abriel: Because then we can't take that in
Jessica G: And that's what he's doing right now.
Jessica G: Are being a thing for me. Yeah.
You can tell
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we can tell when someone's ingratiating themselves for a few days. This short little honeymoon. And then it goes right back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we can tell. You can tell
Jessica G: Yeah, so
Jessica G: What comes up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry.
Jessica G: I'm just over it.
Jessica G: Over it over it. I don't want him. I don't
Jessica G: want my son to have a dad, and we get along just fine if we act like friends when it comes down to like us being friends and
Jessica G: You know, but when it comes down to like getting romantically involved emotionally involved. It just doesn't work out, because she's it's not fair for him. And I never have been
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't know that.
Jessica G: Yeah, and he says it is. And, you know, and everyone else tells me that I'm just making this up. But I know I'm not
Jessica G: I'm not
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to bounce a couple things off just to see another pair of ears, just to see you might feel validated.
Jessica G: We had just gotten that he had just gotten out of a relationship.
Jessica G: Remember Me and him started talking or they had been separated for a while. But he was still like talking to her, and
Jessica G: She was pregnant, and she had a boyfriend. And he wasn't sure if the baby was hers. So he was still there. He was still trying to be there after the baby was born.
Jessica G: I was already pregnant.
Jessica G: I was already taken on after that baby was born here to go pick up the baby and see shame and everything and
Jessica G: I just feel like he's never
Jessica G: Like I can never be her
Jessica G: To him, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's okay, we'll get there. That's what we do. We start kind of kind of out here and then we work our way to some details.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it that you see, are you here that he's does with this woman that child, that you don't really see it happening in this home.
Jessica G: Like I've just always feel like he's I've always felt like he's always compared to me. He's always been comparing me to someone, I feel it. And I feel like I can never be good enough. And I just, it's weird, like he always has, always treated me like if he can do better, or well
Jessica G: After I got pregnant. He always treated me like if he could do better and like you know because I was, I was really depressed. I had a lot of like sobriety way, you know, and I was really insecure and
Jessica G: So, so I
Gwenevere Abriel: But what was he doing because right there. That was just you, right, you're saying, Okay, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: feeling depressed. And did he say something, or maybe it's the way he touched you. The way he looked at you that you're picking up on some kind of message. What do you think those those signs were we picking up on
Jessica G: Yeah, was the way he treated me just the way he
Jessica G: Like he was real mean to me he was real like not mean but like cold to meet towards me.
Jessica G: Explain it.
Jessica G: He cheated on me a lot because we were together. When I was pregnant.
Jessica G: And he cheated me on me a lot while I was pregnant.
Jessica G: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, now go back in time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you wonder to yourself. Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder if he's someone I can trust my heart. I know I'm pregnant, but I wonder if I can trust. And do you remember thinking, anything like that.
Jessica G: Hmm, again,
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you
Jessica G: Do I think, I think it was more like I knew that I couldn't
Jessica G: I knew that I couldn't by his actions.
Jessica G: Like I said, by the way, he treated me when I will when I went into labor. And this is something I just cannot get over
Jessica G: When I went into labor. He slept the whole time.
Jessica G: I didn't I yeah he slept for three days straight. The only time he got up.
Jessica G: Was when he wanted to go home and change.
Jessica G: When the baby was coming out. And that's because his mom and my mom already were holding my legs up and his mom yelled at him and woke him up because I was already pushing otherwise he would have missed it.
Jessica G: When it was time to sign the birth certificate
Jessica G: And
Jessica G: Whenever they would bring meals and
Jessica G: And the nurses, whatever, it would it would even like I remember I was having such a hard time
Jessica G: Excuse me, and one of the nurses was helping me. And she was like, who's this like he was just sleeping on the new coordinator. You know, like laying down passed out.
Jessica G: And I don't know if it was like, if he was nervous or what but
Jessica G: Like he didn't help me. He didn't talk to me.
Jessica G: And I just
Jessica G: That's how I knew
Jessica G: You know, and
Jessica G: Someone who loves you.
Jessica G: And who's happy about you guys bringing a child into the world like good, they're going to be there to support you do contractions, they're going to
Jessica G: Be attentive to you, you know, attentive to you.
Jessica G: And he just didn't. And that's kind of sums up our relationship.
Jessica G: On only whenever me and him, got together and we started talking and everything.
Jessica G: Obviously he was more
Jessica G: Attentive but
Jessica G: There was still red flags and my self esteem was so low.
Jessica G: Like you know
Force.
Jessica G: And I ended up getting pregnant. I feel like because I had just gotten sober and everything in my body was barely getting back to normal. That's why I ended up getting pregnant, which I. About the only thing. Good thing that came out of this.
Jessica G: And I try like around my son I try
Jessica G: Me and him tried to make him happy. You know, and we tried for him not to see a spy.
Jessica G: But he's just
Jessica G: Never gonna see
Jessica G: A mom and dad who loves each other, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe not. This combination, maybe. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. But love is love. Okay. It doesn't mean it has to be looked like this Earth Mother Earth father, but being around it feeling loved and safe. There's predictability. That's the stuff that sticks it makes a difference for your son. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I get it now because you went into some details about it. Now I see what you're talking about. So you knew early on was was there.
Gwenevere Abriel: The I don't deserve anything better. Was it I'm too scared to be on my own. I did have a newborn baby, I'm going to stay with him. What do you think was the tipping point that you decided to go ahead and move in together and try to have a family together.
Jessica G: Um,
Jessica G: Well, when the baby was three months old. He wasn't okay so after the baby was born, she wasn't helping at all. I was on my mom because I was staying with my mom and he's the His mom was the upstairs neighbor.
Jessica G: He was working and everything, but he wasn't helping at all. He wasn't
Jessica G: Doing anything. He was just living his life and, you know, and then I had some issues there at my mom's house with her boyfriend and I was just like, I got a goal, like I have to, I need to go. I need to. I need to like do this on my own, because I just, I'm not happy and
Jessica G: My son deserves to see me happy. And so I decided to come back to Albuquerque and
Jessica G: I enrolled at Pima Medical Institute.
Jessica G: And
Jessica G: And it wasn't going to start for for a couple months. So I was kind of
Jessica G: At first I was saying was one of my aunts.
Jessica G: And then
Jessica G: My cousin, me and my cousin had a
Jessica G: My cousin had issues with her boyfriend.
Jessica G: And my auntie had left out of town, and she told she in my cousin was just something was off like something was off and
Jessica G: My cousin ended up taking one other vehicles and my auntie called me if I didn't know anything. I didn't know that she wasn't supposed to take the vehicle and my
Jessica G: Auntie called me and asked me where she wasn't. I was like, Oh, she left, and she said she'd be right back. And I guess she took the vehicle without permission to go see her or to go fight with her sons and little kids stuff.
Jessica G: And she asked me to clean the house was messy to clean it up because he threatened to call child protective services.
Jessica G: On her and I started freaking out. And I was like,
Jessica G: Wasn't I have to leave because if Child Protective Services is coming. They're going to investigate all of the kids that are under this roof, not just her kids.
Jessica G: You know, and what if they, what if something happens, I couldn't. I can't, I can't risk it. And my auntie was like yelling at me and
Jessica G: Talking about all they're only going to investigate her kids. It's not about you and this and that. And it's like, Okay, why are you acting so ignorant, you're a nurse, you know,
Jessica G: So that night.
Jessica G: My sister in law drove all the way to Roswell from Albuquerque to go pick me up because I was in Roswell and then I came and stayed with my brother.
Jessica G: And I stayed there and everything was, I can't say everything was fine, because, I mean, it's the it was a abusive brother, and so he
Jessica G: goes on like binges on the weekends and they fight and then just somehow, one of the weekends and ended up
Jessica G: With me the fight ended up with me.
Jessica G: And he ended up putting his hands on me again. And he called the cops.
Jessica G: Know I called the cups I called the cops because he hit me. And he just somehow has always known how to manipulate the police to get me in trouble.
Jessica G: And I've always just been so emotional that I can't, I can't even express. I can't even deal with the police, like, you know, I don't know how to explain it. So then my auntie went to go pick me up.
Jessica G: All this was my baby, my auntie went to go pick me up and I started staying at her house and I had stayed on. My auntie's house before when I was on the ankle monitor and it's the anti that I tell you about the crazy
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Jessica G: And so me and her have had problems before and
Jessica G: I just knew how it was going to end up like it. It's a novelty for her. At first, you know, and you baby and everything.
Jessica G: And then at the end of it.
Jessica G: It started getting to the point where they would tell me not to come that I COULDN'T COME HOME BECAUSE THEY WEREN'T HOME yet and I passed by their house and they'd be there already.
Jessica G: I'm an ED be like 10 o'clock at night. I don't mind you, I don't have a vehicle like I, you know, and I just close it up my grandparents and I'm
Jessica G: They'd be there at home and just that would start happening to the point where like almost like okay I get the message, I get it, you know.
Jessica G: I get it on top of. I was already in school. By then so on top of school work my baby and cleaning up because that's what is expected at their house. You know, it's just it was hard and
Jessica G: All this time it was only my mom helping me like he wouldn't he wouldn't like you know and and if he did, it was a miracle. Because I'm not gonna say that he didn't have a I would have to like
Jessica G: Fight with him and be like hey look like you know
Jessica G: So then I was like, I'm done. I'm done. Like I need my own place. And so
Jessica G: I, I found an apartment.
Jessica G: By myself I filled out all the paperwork by myself I filled out my mom's section, you know, because she had to co sign like I did it all by myself.
Jessica G: I had my mom like be on him. Like when he got paid to give me the money and she gave me most of it and he gave me some of it. I put down the deposit and I moved in the very next day.
Jessica G: I got all my stuff out and I moved in me and my son were stable.
Jessica G: All I have to worry about was getting right to school and finding somebody to take care of him.
Jessica G: And and I did it. And I did it. And then finally, I was like, You know what, like
Jessica G: My son.
Jessica G: Needs a dad.
Jessica G: And
Jessica G: I need help.
Jessica G: And so why don't you come over here like you're sleeping on the floor of your mom's one bedroom apartment.
Jessica G: Here by then I had already gotten my own car because I got some money from school and I bought a car right away and
Jessica G: I told him you know like we have our own house. We have our own room, our own car. Like, you know,
Jessica G: And so he moved over here.
Jessica G: And not didn't last very long because my car got stolen in July.
Jessica G: And so that's how me and him ended up moving together. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I hope you heard throughout this that you all along, you have been overcoming very difficult obstacles. Hope you hear that, don't forget that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know that we wonder, can I do it again. Can I do this difficult thing. Can I find childcare that I trust these people can I work again. What will I do is I have extra money. What will I do. You've already done the hard part. You've already done it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you did a great job. Boom, you're a good mommy. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good, Mom. Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It continues you right, you want to have your son see a healthy mom because when you're happy you're not thinking about using
Gwenevere Abriel: Right that life is going to get further and further and further away.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to get stronger and you're going to be available as a resource for your son.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know about his father. I don't know what to say about him. I think you're probably on to something very early on, you know, but you're paying attention to it. Now you're heading out of the sand.
Jessica G: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, and you have us here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we're happy to keep talking about you just forgot how strong we are and we do that we do forget
Gwenevere Abriel: But what you just described. Notice how you're like I did the paperwork. I made sure I was on top of this and this and this. You've already done the hard stuff. You had a baby with a man who
Gwenevere Abriel: Wasn't there and you
Gwenevere Abriel: Still persevered and you went to school and you did all of these things girly the hard part. You already did the hard part.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got everything it takes. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not full of shit. I'm telling you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know it because you you just gave me these amazing examples of what people when they really give up and say I'm defeated.
Gwenevere Abriel: They don't make sure money gets here that they position the right person to do this, that they get the paperwork that they get the London, but the fact that they don't do that you do.
Gwenevere Abriel: All you really have in front of you is saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got to just face my fear. That's the big one. My not being with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't that the big one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't know how you're going to feel Jessica. It could be. Wait a minute. I actually trust this caregiver. I'm using my new skills of reading safe people. Now I'm not denying it anymore. I'm going to watch the cues.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're going to give me good eye contact, they're going to be what they say you they are each time they'll follow through.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not putting my head in the sand anymore. Not going to be in denial about whether people are credible and trustworthy. I'm going to pay attention. And if there's a sign.
Gwenevere Abriel: If there's a rash on a bottom if there's something some little thing. I'm not going to ignore it. I'm going to take care of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have you, Jessica. You have your insight you have your intuition, you're going to pay attention and little man can get love from other people to not just you. It could also be really cool. Wherever you decide whether it's a
Gwenevere Abriel: Daycare maybe you combine it with daycare and your mom or something, I don't know what your decision is but little man can get love from other people to not just you while you work on your independence, your stability and your sobriety and you're not trapped
Gwenevere Abriel: We haven't talked about really going back to work, or maybe at school in a while we'll put a pin in it because I think it was scary for you to even think about it.
Jessica G: Yeah, yeah. I think I'm ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. But if that constraint. If the reality of the limitation of your boyfriend really seeing it for what it is if you kept denying it.
Gwenevere Abriel: This depression of yours could have kept growing and growing and growing. This one.
Gwenevere Abriel: You get to go out in the role and you're not going out into the world alone, you're in a program with us. We're going to keep saying, way to go. You got this girl. You're going to be talking to other people and saying this is what I'm doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you're not doing this exactly the same way you did it before.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do have your breathing skills. Okay, and you have someone you can come in here and you can complain about whoever you want to
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got somewhere to event.
Gwenevere Abriel: We could do role play if you run into someone you don't like we can work on communication skills, about how to navigate. You're not doing this alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't forget how strong you are. You have done. You've done the hard part. You really have
Gwenevere Abriel: And guess what
Gwenevere Abriel: The possible is just as likely as the impossible. Why can't it be that you really get excited where maybe you were feeling depressed for months, maybe you're going to get excited, again, maybe you like yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you bump into some cool friends. Maybe you'll meet sober friends that when you're staying at home. You can't bump into
Jessica G: Yeah.
Jessica G: Maybe I know
Jessica G: I know that I'm excited about it. I'm excited. I'm this whole time. Like, I've learned so much about myself.
Jessica G: I feel like I've changed a lot my interests have changed a lot. You know, and
Jessica G: I'm excited to get back out there and put my
Jessica G: My certificate to the youth, because I'm in a lot of debt and they need to pay back
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. Okay, so how can I help. What do you think that sort of the therapeutic relationship can tell what's the biggest fear right now is it around daycare. Is it around. What will happen to my, like, what, how can therapy be helpful.
Jessica G: I think right now i just i
Jessica G: I need to know how to deal with him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, with this boyfriend.
Jessica G: Because he likes me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, girl.
Jessica G: I natural for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got some ideas for you.
Jessica G: And then he ends up telling you what I don't want to. I'm not gonna argue with you. And I'm like,
Jessica G: You're the one that's being rude to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, and right that's intended to make you go cuckoo.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so we can opt out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Completely opt out. So the biggest ones.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you make any notes. Remember we were doing that video. Do you remember because you watched about second time. Did you read any notes down from that.
Jessica G: I wrote down yes or no. Oh, I don't, I don't think I may know okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, there are literally steps to it. If you follow these steps you're going to notice your power comes back.
Jessica G: Oh, the other one. The gaslighting one. That's right. I did. I did. I did.
Jessica G: More it
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you write down. I want to repeat myself because I don't have them on the tip of my tongue.
I know defiant
Gwenevere Abriel: anything's going to change completely let go. Okay. Well, I'm just going to tell you go to ones are these
Jessica G: Okay.
Jessica G: Remainder fine. I know that's one thing you just said.
Gwenevere Abriel: If there's any way that you can disengage.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you say I'm going to get my own room, I'm going to have my own job. I'm going to have my own independence. Think about all the topics that normally have to discuss with him.
Gwenevere Abriel: rent, food, when you have this collaborative life. You're always like, I got to talk to this person. If you want to disengage which is wearing his powers in
Gwenevere Abriel: Your taking back control because if you are not asking him to do anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not even. Thank you. Because what may happen is, he may start to be solicitous in a way like doing nice things so that you end up saying thank you
Gwenevere Abriel: And you are basically indebted to him in some way that's that's a move after if he really can't piss you off.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the next step that some people will go to, well, look what I've done. You're so you're so ungrateful. Look, what I'm doing and you because you're a decent human being, you think, well, I gotta thank this person.
Gwenevere Abriel: But do
Gwenevere Abriel: No, wait a minute, I'm just thinking when I do something nice for someone, it's not with my other handout is it
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, I'm thinking about, I am I don't guess like
Gwenevere Abriel: It was if I give a gift. I'm even able to give a gift anonymously. There isn't always a thank you at the end. No, you're doing something very on purpose. You're disengaging if you don't have to talk to this person.
Gwenevere Abriel: The frequency of arguing will go down really fast.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stop asking and expecting him to change is the biggest one. It's not going to
Jessica G: Be okay with him like
Jessica G: Okay, so he he did his taxes.
Jessica G: Um,
Jessica G: I never knew when he did his taxes. I didn't know how much
Jessica G: He was going to get back. He claimed to me and my son.
Jessica G: And
Jessica G: And and I felt like I couldn't ask the same thing with every single paycheck.
Jessica G: Like this time I tried it, I was like, and I just let him like I just let him. I just I just play down like what am I supposed to do, you know, as long as the rents paid. I'm the one that makes sure that
Jessica G: We have, you know, some things that we need like my mom still helps me financially, you know,
Jessica G: And I'm like, Mom, I don't have deodorant. Mom, I'm not a hand soap or stuff like that, you know, and then I applied for food stamps for us a long time ago, before he even got here. So we receive food stamps. So he doesn't have to worry about anything but the rip I'm putting that in this car.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so tell me what your point is
Jessica G: So my point is, like, I don't know.
Jessica G: I don't even talk to him about that, like, That's not even a conversation that we have, like, as far as about his money.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when is the hook you when. Is he okay let me see. Get to
Jessica G: What do you mean, so
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, you're, you're like, I'm not even are you. You're the one that's complaining. You guys are actually exchanging communication at some point, when does that happen.
Jessica G: When you guys saw I'm
Jessica G: I guess it's always me that initiate initiate the conversation when can
Gwenevere Abriel: We just found it. So guess what, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, the specific thing you can say, if you want to, if you can remember this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a neutralizing statement. Yeah, you can say it to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, of course, I'm on to you because I'm the one coming up with it, but you can say it anyway. Right. Your mom when she's getting pissed off for no good reason, right, trying to get. I have no right to change your opinion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't that an interesting thing. I have no right to change your opinion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to say it to you. So you have an idea about how it feels. And then you can go, Oh, I see what happens here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have no I have no right to change your opinion.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Cuz, cuz look what that does. I'm going to do it to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if I can get this to work for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do it relevant one. Watch this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something about the medication, right, because that kind of happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got it. You've got something that you feel very strongly about. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You might say something to me like you don't care going to hear if you cared. No, I don't have a car you call that pharmacy yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Make something up could be true if it's true. You might feel this even more so just pulling in a little bit and sort of accuse me of something. Just try and piss me off. Try hurt my feelings. Why don't you. I won't get hurt. So go for it. Hey,
Jessica G: Oh, you want me to say something.
Jessica G: Real
Anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: The more true, the more you'll feel this the efficacy of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Try and pick a fight with me.
See
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, something he might say, then
I'm
Jessica G: Something who might say your boyfriend. Oh wow, that's always complaining to him. I know not always telling him that he's
Jessica G: Messy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so the that's fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the work is going to be easy for you if you can do it, which is
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm done. If you're done, you'll stop asking, which is what a complaint is you're asking him to make a behavioral change, hoping that nudging and complaining will get them to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: doesn't care about the same things you do.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want your power back, you just
Gwenevere Abriel: Just go pick it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go pick it up, go clean it if it has to be clean.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you want to work on the compulsivity right that's a whole other kind of discussion therapeutically but
Gwenevere Abriel: He doesn't care about the same things you do.
Gwenevere Abriel: You taking that in as he doesn't care. He may not care. There's been signs that he doesn't care all along. If you haven't been paying attention to. So if you stop asking him to change.
Gwenevere Abriel: See what happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because why bother.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your energy can go to those minutes that you spend trying to get him to show that he cares and respects you by cleaning
Gwenevere Abriel: You could be searching the internet working on your resume studying up refreshing certification requirements focusing your energy on you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Reading a little story finger painting with your son, whatever energy could go elsewhere that is refueling of the soul, that's not going anywhere. And that's not getting what you want. Get him to clean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe he'll show he respects you and cares by cleaning. I don't think he cares based on what you're telling me play with this play with this statement.
Gwenevere Abriel: We know how earlier you were saying he was doing the gas lighting. I can't quite hear hockey gaslights. What's an example.
Jessica G: Um,
Jessica G: Okay so yesterday.
Jessica G: After church.
Jessica G: I made a suggestion that we should stop at an ice cream place.
Okay.
Jessica G: And he was like,
Jessica G: He kind of did was an interested and I was like okay assignment. Let's just go home.
Jessica G: But
Jessica G: Then here. I made a U turn like a crazy you turn like Ben.
Jessica G: I was like, What are you doing, he's like, well, I'm going to that place. You said it was around the corner. And I said, Yeah, but you could have kept going the same way you were going, you know, she's like, Well, I don't know where I'm going. And he got mad and I was like, okay, whatever, you know,
Jessica G: And so I started to talk to him about like all the issues. I'm having, you know, with the pharmacy and everything.
Jessica G: And he just
Jessica G: Like
Jessica G: Like I just stopped talking
Jessica G: I was like, she's not listening to me and I just stopped talking and
Jessica G: I don't. She didn't notice.
Jessica G: You didn't notice. And then I was, I said.
Jessica G: Okay, okay. Just forget me right but I said the other word
Jessica G: Yeah, yeah. So, you know, with me like you're like, I'm sitting here trying to talk to you and you don't even like you know like that. You don't even have the decency to like
Jessica G: You know, pretend like you're listening and he was like, Well, I don't know what the F. I'm going and
Gwenevere Abriel: So Jessica your timing.
Jessica G: Yeah.
Might have been a little
Jessica G: Bit.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: He was already kind of lost
Gwenevere Abriel: And so bringing up this other topic, but so you have your part in it. That thing you did might be labeled passive aggressive, we might say, Well screw me. Who cares about me right we get all like
Gwenevere Abriel: Guess I'm just chopped liver, but if you get to decide what you want to do. You can you can you can keep doing what you're doing. That's fine. If that's the only contact, you're going to have with him is having an argument.
Jessica G: No, no. Well, that's not the end of the story. And then he said he made a comment. I don't remember exactly what he said. He said something like
Jessica G: He said, I go
Jessica G: I don't know where I'm going. It's like I wanted to say to him, I got the type came up in my head because it was one of those conversations where I was just like listening to answer him.
Jessica G: Yeah, which I know I've been working on that too. And like I knew where we were going and I was going to give him directions like it wasn't that big of a deal. And I feel like he was just using that as an excuse. And so I feel like you said he agreed with me something.
Jessica G: And we had been having a good day and
Jessica G: You know,
Jessica G: And so I was kind of her. And I was like, so really, so you're like, that's how you're gonna treat me. So do you see how you're treating me and he's like,
Jessica G: I'm not gonna argue with you. Just because so I guess I was
Yeah.
Jessica G: So, but it's i but i was in screaming at him or anything. I was asking him a question like, Do you see what I'm talking about when I tell you that you know you you're not innocent.
Jessica G: Not innocent and that's how I feel. That's how I feel like he's like gaslighting me because
Jessica G: Like
Jessica G: He's acting like he didn't do anything. And I'm the crazy one but when really you know
Gwenevere Abriel: You do want him to change.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do you want him to change, honey.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if he's not going to
What if he's not
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it would be convenient, but you don't know what beautiful life is ahead of you the freedom that will come when you surround yourself with people that really see how intelligent funny and sweet. Oh my gosh, you're, you're so intelligent
Gwenevere Abriel: All that all that work you do to turn into a pretzel around him.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know that's not what you want to do in front of your son. I know what you want, but it might need. You might not be around toxic people for a while, you might have to learn. Wait a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got to get myself together. I gotta love myself. I got to learn what that is. I'm not going to put up with shenanigans. I'm not going to do it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now because I'm scared I'm working. I can do this. I don't have a lot of friends, but I'm going to start to look and see who can I trust.
Gwenevere Abriel: But first you trust you. I think what you've been doing is just at least if he could just argue with you. Maybe it'll show at least he cares, because I don't hear I hear a lot of him carrying
Gwenevere Abriel: Am I wrong.
I just
Jessica G: Know you're not. And I see that
Jessica G: And I'm just, that's why I'm like, to the point when I'm over it. I'm done. I'm ready to move on.
Jessica G: Everything's been said and done,
Jessica G: That one.
Gwenevere Abriel: That I just saw
Gwenevere Abriel: For some people it's is grieving an expectation of this perfect family.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's breathing. It's not a small thing and that sadness might be there a while it's grieving expectation and this image of what it's supposed to look like.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds like you hoped it would. He would come on board, someone your mother, his mother might shake, shake it out of him. He might grow up, he might fall in love with the same image, you have
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't sound like he is
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're seeing it, and it's sad.
A cheer don't know what's around the corner.
Gwenevere Abriel: JESSICA What if you meet people, men, women, whether they're romantic or not, that actually don't exploit you don't play games you then you don't have to feel passive aggressive. You don't have to mind read
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to do all those little tricks that you've needed to learn how to do to get a crumb of resource. Get that rent paid somebody change a diaper. You have been surviving on a crumb.
Gwenevere Abriel: We are capable of more than that for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Healthy people have more to give
Gwenevere Abriel: We can hear about how hard it is with the pharmacy and not make it about ourselves. We can hear it because
Gwenevere Abriel: That stuff happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can surround yourself with people that really didn't know how to love themselves know how to love you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why not you. Don't be a blended family you maybe this person will have maybe a year from now or something course. You know what I do in the early part of recovery. I say let's hold off on starting relationships. Let's work on the self.
Gwenevere Abriel: But down the line. You don't know what's possible, Ed, someone who has really done some soul searching themselves and has become a parent or
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe had a difficult story in life to make really understand and relate right but they've done their work they've grown up, you might be ready for a grown up.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got a man that hasn't grown up yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't mean he won't, but we can't live in the potential of a future you've been kind of maybe living with a potential he could, he might he may I saw a sign. Maybe that's it. Nope, where he might tomorrow maybe he will maybe maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you like yourself when you're around him are you proud of how you behave
That's how I just ugly.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm like, do you like you because I'm like she's passive aggressive. She's mind reading does she like it does she know
Jessica G: I'm gonna blow my nose. Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's how we decide
Gwenevere Abriel: If you want to end the way
Jessica G: The way that I am. It's like I've never
Jessica G: I've never liked when anything else anything of my AG any of my actions on anybody else like I've always said that
Jessica G: I, I was on drugs because I chose to be addressed because I liked being on drugs and it's nobody's fault but mine so like, I'm always that person, like any of my actions have taken I try to take accountability for my actions and so
Jessica G: Like now this will take the way that I asked and really hard on myself like I feel like that's why I'm so
Jessica G: upset because
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh no, we don't need to do that. The needle that goes from self reproach right to blaming others. It doesn't have to swing that far.
Gwenevere Abriel: We see how right now we're just kind of giggling about it. You think I don't know passive aggression course I know passive aggression. Again, don't know mind reading. I know.
Jessica G: Everything on those lists.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I'm not
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I don't like me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me and my karma ledger, me and my higher power or whatever. However, anybody thinks about it. I don't like me. I'm holding myself accountable. But I don't use a whip to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're using a whip isn't the only option for self discipline. It's not being this cruel Inner Parent it's saying yeah well
Gwenevere Abriel: Guilty, guilty as charged. I'll do better. Okay. Then you own it real quick. You quit. That's the difference between shame activation
Gwenevere Abriel: And just healthy responsibilities. Yeah. Notice how you did it in here, right, he said, I did this, you own it. You're real good. That's all fine, but it's the punishment that you put on yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't need the punishment, all we do all the rest of us do is we just do the next right thing. That's it. That's it. I'm not kidding. Then the next time you bump into them.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not going to try. I noticed I sent you that list.
Gwenevere Abriel: Recognize there will never be accountability. He's never going to say, I realize I wasn't there for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: While you were pregnant. I realized I didn't tell you because maybe he needed to have said, yeah, we had, we had this relationship but
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to family he needed to embed accountable responsible and he won't on it. He's not an adult yet. That's a big one. But that's on him.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you can see his limitations and get the head out of wherever it is.
Jessica G: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But we don't get mad at us, all of us go through denial every single one of us need to get our head out our for fun.
Gwenevere Abriel: But we don't punish punish the punishment causes the substance use, because guess what happens I'm ashamed of who I am.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't stand it. I feel depressed. I want to use. No, we just say, Guess what I'm learning new things. I'm going to try it this way. I'm going to turn my energy into my new goals. I'm going to do one or two of them each day I'm gonna, I might cry a little because I'm grieving.
Gwenevere Abriel: Grieving this image of what is this
Jessica G: Is that why I cry like the other night I went to store by myself and on the way back. I just, I had this urge to just cry and I cried, and I cried on my way home.
That's my guess.
Jessica G: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're at the a couple minutes past the hour today flew by crazy fast. So just to review. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're doing the work that's necessary. You're owning it. You're saying it out loud. You're giggling just skip the punishment. You don't need to punish all you need to do is all right what
Gwenevere Abriel: I had a pain in my stomach. I know I did something like, I don't really like myself, well, how can I like myself right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can apologize, I can say sorry I was mind reading and passive aggressive. The other day I was actually withholding I knew the directions, but I was trying to get you to
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm not going to do that anymore. I'm really sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh, it's nothing. Get him to do anything is to get your power back is to say no more punishment. Just going to own it.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's nothing bad about you. We all do that stuff. We can't
Gwenevere Abriel: You know we act like we've got one nut and it's the nobody's gonna have this net and there's not enough to go around and we act out of this scarcity mentality.
There's plenty
Gwenevere Abriel: The freedom that will come when you say it and you name it. It just is like, I gotta keep my eye on that. I'm really sorry. I'm so angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have this expectation about how this our family life was going to be. And it keeps leaking out in this a passive aggressive way Tony Benn whatever that your this man's name is I am sorry I'm keeping an eye on working on it and
Gwenevere Abriel: Then he's got no play. He's just like, you know, wow, okay. Huh, but you're free.
Jessica G: His name is your man.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, right. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I better go talk to this other client. He's knocking on my door is going. Dang Dang Dang over here.
Jessica G: Okay, thank you so much for today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, just sit with it if there's any big thing is I'm not going to punish myself. I'm not going to name call myself. Nope, I'm going to do the next right thing that's consistent with what I believe in. That's it, minute after minute I hope to see you tomorrow morning.
Yeah.
Jessica G: Thank you.
Matthew Montano: Hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hello. Can you see me.
Matthew Montano: Hello. Yes, I could. But yeah, there you go. Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi, let me find me find some paper just use it all.
Matthew Montano: Let me find
A pen, paper, and we'll have everything we need.
Matthew Montano: For okay yeah we always like into my story.
Matthew Montano: About the about the time the sob story.
Okay.
Matthew Montano: Cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm here, you're here.
Matthew Montano: I'm here. We're here, we're here, we're here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you wanted to say something.
Matthew Montano: Oh no, I was just gonna say about the times.
Matthew Montano: At two
Matthew Montano: I was like, cuz I'm in the process. I just sold my truck and I'm going to get a new car. Okay.
Matthew Montano: That's fine. I'm Chad to
Matthew Montano: At first I was like 12 would work better, because my dad's gonna have to take me to the bank concept to get the loan and whatever and but now I was gonna ask the switch, but oh well. This will work. But so often make this work. Okay.
Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: How has your mind then. Has it been positive, negative, nice little balance. Where is your little mind of interest and off to and you've been burning and it back.
Matthew Montano: Um I sold my car.
Matthew Montano: So I'm just going through the excitement and I'm getting a nice nice car. So that's just tough stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: How exciting.
Matthew Montano: Um, I saw I had like a classic 88 Chevy. It was like all redone like the motor and all that stuff and
Matthew Montano: It's taken a lot of gas. And so I was thinking about getting a car that's a little bit more economical but I found a really nice Mustang. You know, one of those like really sexy looking cars.
Matthew Montano: For really good price. And I'm going to test drive that later on. So it's just but that's just been like your excitement of getting something so I really haven't had time to think about too much negative stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now just I'd be remiss if I didn't touch on the concept of retail therapy for just a second. I'm just want to make sure that this is thought out because you mentioned the gas mileage
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this I'm going to sustain other beliefs that you have. Is this a good investment. I know you're excited but just want to make sure it's not impulsive, that's all just want to touch on that a little bit.
Matthew Montano: Um, no. It's actually something I've been thinking about for a while and with like income tax return. And I sold my truck at a really good price. Like I doubled. What I bought it for
Matthew Montano: So, so this just happens to be a really good deal. So, so I'm not, I'm not making any because I don't want to get myself into debt. So it's nothing like that. Nothing. So it's not like an impulse
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm fine, fine. So if someone. I'm going to look at the engine, make sure it's in good working order.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, at five, me and my dad good test drive bit talk to the guy, make sure everything's good with it and we'll take it to look good. The engine checked out to make sure, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Fine. Oh, man, what color.
Matthew Montano: It's, it's like gunmetal gray.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, tough.
Yeah.
Matthew Montano: You know what a Mustang. It is right. Well, of course, you probably know the Mustang. The newer models are there they're nice
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, this is a newer one
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, yes. Oh, fun. Yeah, it's a little girl in it when you hit the accelerator to
Matthew Montano: Yeah, they kind of look like
Matthew Montano: They also kind of like Camaro like that that type of look of a car.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very fun. Alright, so you've had this to occupy your mind for basically since we last saw each other.
Matthew Montano: Um, I met the guy and the girl about two weeks ago. So this has been going on for a while, and they were interested in buying my truck and they test drove it on
Matthew Montano: Saturday, and then they gave me five $500 down and then today. They gave me the rest of the 2100 so I sold it for 2600 and I bought it for 1100 pretty
Matthew Montano: Pretty good to
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, okay. And you have been mentioning at one point, I can't tell that my depression is being affected by this medication. Are you noticing any kind of changes that might be attributed to an antidepressant.
Matthew Montano: I don't want to say, Yeah, because right now I'm just like excited because I like I like toys.
Matthew Montano: I'm excited about the car. So again, I'm not going to say it's the medicine. I'm not sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, so as far as the prescription goes I'm sending a message to Dr. Solomon and when it is it safe to say that you will be in group on Monday.
Matthew Montano: Yes, for sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you get there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you thinking of talking with him about continuing to go down. If so, how much, if not tell me more.
Matthew Montano: With the
Matthew Montano: I just want to give the breakup, a little bit more time of healing before I change any medicine.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did the to have to do with each other.
Matthew Montano: Cuz it that's it's still
Matthew Montano: The only time it really is hitting me now because it's already been a month and
Matthew Montano: Two. A month in three weeks, we've been separated
Matthew Montano: Is when I and I'm when I get home at the end of the night. I do all my stuff I'm focused. I'm happy, I'm home. I'm clean in playing video games, watching a good movie but the when the loneliness will start kicking in, or when I start thinking about him or wondering what he's doing.
Matthew Montano: And then my mind my mind will start racing with should I get back with him. Can we get back together.
Matthew Montano: Is it a I think I do want to get back with him. Oh wait, no. I remember if I if I really think about him being next to me right now. I'm it's going to make me it's, I'm going to go right back to that point where we were. We just didn't get along. I wasted a year.
Matthew Montano: Trying to make something work we were talking about marriage. I want a family, you know I wasted a year within
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you did great. Now I want you to see.
Gwenevere Abriel: This that have to do with a runny nose.
Matthew Montano: What does that
Gwenevere Abriel: What does it have to do with perspiration.
Matthew Montano: It's not gonna make me it's just referred to get up in the morning if if I have like these two if if it's the withdrawals and the depression.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Depression is call it something else. It's not depression. This is, I miss my boyfriend. That's not depression. No one's going to diagnose you with depression. When you have a breakup.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, yeah, I'm in my been diagnosed with depression before the
Gwenevere Abriel: You feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Lonely
Because there's no one there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Depression stays there when boyfriends their depression stays there when new car is there. So just don't like nice and easy. Nice and easy. Don't run and jump away from labels, just hang on yourself. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: No more fear.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is about your fear of success not loneliness feeling some discomfort in the morning isn't about loneliness. And if that's not about depression. This is about sweaty crappy uncomfortable, a little
Gwenevere Abriel: Run don't run away. Stay there.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's still true that you don't want to feel those things right. That is true. You don't want to feel them. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are they, what are the things that you don't want to feel let's let's name it. What don't you want to feel in the morning.
Matthew Montano: I guess when I take this Suboxone it
Matthew Montano: While the reason I even started taking the pain pills is because they gave me a boost throughout the day when I was going through a lot of issues in my life and the Suboxone does that now.
Matthew Montano: And I am ready the taper but
Matthew Montano: Do you think we can do that. Not this Monday, but next Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: But, see if you can answer yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: You predict into the future, what you'll be less what
Matthew Montano: I will be less less in a slum, I will call it depression from from the break.
Matthew Montano: In another another week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, can you predict that
Matthew Montano: Because it's gotten better with every day gets better.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah I know, right.
Matthew Montano: Every day gets better. And this is actually the breakups in the past.
Matthew Montano: Uh,
Matthew Montano: I really got screwed over in those and cuz I let myself get into a financial bind with those people. This time I did make the same mistake. So he
Matthew Montano: You know, had to move back with mom, he had to do that stuff. I was always watching out for myself and I started seeing that it was headed in that direction. So that's why I started pushing myself away from him.
Matthew Montano: And you know, I didn't make the same mistake this time. Yeah. So, this, this, this is just like the hurting of the heart. This isn't like Oh shoot, how am I gonna pay my bills like actually I'm getting a new vehicle now so
Matthew Montano: Some
Gwenevere Abriel: Get muster the courage to say what it really is. What are you afraid of
Matthew Montano: Been taking it so law. Well, I'm afraid of doing it. Well, I'm dealing with the walk still kind of dealing with the breakup. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice how right first remembrance and it's mine too. Because I think about that kind of pissed at the other program at not addressing this, but it's not unlike most programs.
Matthew Montano: He's not I found out he got fired that doctor. Yeah.
Matthew Montano: I don't know why I didn't say
Gwenevere Abriel: Waiting
Matthew Montano: Oh,
Yeah.
Matthew Montano: Because I actually
Matthew Montano: Like I said, I started off with to two strips a day and by the middle of the program. He moved me up to three strips. Just because I asked for them.
Gwenevere Abriel: But so
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no. I know. But notice how you probably
Gwenevere Abriel: Are doing the same requesting here and bright heart, you're not getting the same response. I'm but do we care more about our pocketbook or your healing.
Matthew Montano: Our healing. Yeah.
Matthew Montano: Definitely
Gwenevere Abriel: When it be more profitable to have you on three but not that your insurance will pay for it. But wouldn't it be more profitable for by hard to have you on this for the rest of your life.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, definitely.
Is that ethical
Matthew Montano: No.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your goal is to not be on this. You aren't on it for blah, blah, blah. I'm not going to fill in the gap give you something to answer back you're on it for this. You just said it.
Gwenevere Abriel: For you, for a lot of people. Ironically, this depressant.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is a stimulant for you and for you. It is a psychiatric medication to get you through loneliness.
Gwenevere Abriel: You were scared. Well, you and I are working through those issues. You're not the same person you were a year ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Touched those touched on memories and they will never be the same because you visited them in a different way with me that day and in future days every time you pull something up and you revisit a memory. It changes, believe it or not, it changes.
Matthew Montano: I oh I just remembered I had a dream last night I was crying in my dream.
Matthew Montano: And I woke up.
Matthew Montano: And I was crying. I was actually, I was like, Bob, but I was like in and out of the dream, but I was actually like brought balling.
Matthew Montano: And if it felt good. Like, it was like it was like, I think it was because
Matthew Montano: The dream was a little bit of I don't remember exactly, but I think I was like in a counseling session and and it and it was going in between that and talking to my mom.
Matthew Montano: Well, yeah. And then I was I was I was crying. And then I woke up and I was actually crying. And then I kept when I woke up, I kept crying.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't that amazing
Yeah.
Matthew Montano: It was like my my body subconsciously letting something out is what it felt like
Gwenevere Abriel: Letting something out.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if I send you the message that you can't handle a breakup. How does that serve you. What does that help you
Matthew Montano: I know I can handle breakup.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, convince me
Matthew Montano: Convinced convince you like
Matthew Montano: I think I'm doing a pretty good job, you said
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you doing,
Matthew Montano: I am
Matthew Montano: Not
Matthew Montano: Ice I finally realized
Matthew Montano: I think
Matthew Montano: What kept us together for so long, was more or less than anything. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Got and in the past, I would run back to that just because I didn't want to be lonely and I am not going to go back to that.
Matthew Montano: And and it happened, our on our one year anniversary, because I said we're at one year and I
Matthew Montano: Started every little thing that he would do that. I wasn't going to put up with anymore. I started to
Matthew Montano: distance myself from him. I'm not talking. He had he needed to fix start fixing those issues you know he's needed to start seeing that I wasn't going to put up with them.
Matthew Montano: And he didn't. He started getting very angry that I wasn't putting up that those things and forgiving him and and we'd have we'd get mad at each other and then have makeup sex or something and then everything was okay temporarily forgotten that was the cycle with him.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're also doing what with your time.
Matthew Montano: I'm working. I'm working working extra hours I am
Matthew Montano: Building relationships with
Matthew Montano: With friends like my new gym buddy that aren't so intimate I'm working on relationships that aren't so intimate like you told me to do that. And that makes a lot of sense because once cuz I guess. When I get a boyfriend.
Matthew Montano: I'm very intimate and then
Matthew Montano: And then that made that's I should, you know, move so fast like that.
Matthew Montano: Because when it starts becoming so intimate. It's like it makes it so much more scary.
Matthew Montano: To me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well it preoccupies your attention and then you don't have to attend to areas that maybe need some development.
Gwenevere Abriel: So being alone with yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Loneliness in and of itself, like what's the problem with you. Why don't you like your own company, why can't you hang out with you. What's wrong with you, you can you hang out with yourself like
Gwenevere Abriel: Little questions right yeah
Matthew Montano: Well, actually, um, I think that loneliness was just coming from spent because we spend all our time together as time goes on, and I am comfortable being alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Content maybe tightening up having the room just the way you want it. Yeah.
Matthew Montano: Being if it's cold outside. Been toasty inside watching the movie, you know, I'm proud of my the way my apartment looks. I'm going to have a nice car hopefully by the end of the day.
Matthew Montano: You know those things make me content because it all falls back into my hard work. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not uncommon for people to value. What is hard earned
Gwenevere Abriel: Value. What is hard earned
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you use that mindset.
Gwenevere Abriel: To take pride.
Gwenevere Abriel: In sitting with the fear.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of waking up in the morning and having a little discomfort. It's not a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: You're on psychiatric medication you're getting psychotherapy, you're working through some childhood wounds. You weren't doing this before, you're not financially dependent on someone else you're going to the gym you starting to see the wisdom of personal growth before rushing
Gwenevere Abriel: Into immersion and fusion of another.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're doing the hard work.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it was easy.
Gwenevere Abriel: You wouldn't value this this is supposed to be a little uncomfortable. That's how you know you're doing something of value.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tapering
Gwenevere Abriel: A milligram or point two five whichever a small little piece you decide to do
Gwenevere Abriel: You get to the bottom that but you don't get to be proud of it. If you don't do it.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Matthew Montano: I was thinking
Matthew Montano: Since you're pushing me so hard. Okay, so right now I'm taking
Matthew Montano: Once one strip and five eighths.
Matthew Montano: If I go down.
Matthew Montano: One of those a style take me down to one and a half strip
Gwenevere Abriel: Is convenient also
Matthew Montano: Yeah. Wait, cuz it's hard cutting that five eight because it's like you got to do a little like doo doo doo thing so
Matthew Montano: If you think that's a good idea.
Matthew Montano: I guess like
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you just see we're doing the work. Now you're sitting with it. Right. You're like, she asked me that. Look at the soul, she's going to get me to talk
Gwenevere Abriel: But I care about your growth.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you forget who you are, that you're not born to be on Suboxone for the rest of your life, you're not born that way.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a self healing system you're bypassing the self healing system by using a substance. You didn't grow up in an environment that could teach you how to go to the self.
Gwenevere Abriel: To nutrition to exercise to spirituality. You need that going to that. Let's remember some of those truths. We're not going to teach our children. Yeah. When you get to
Gwenevere Abriel: You're either going to smoke weed drink alcohol or text box on. Sorry, I'm very sorry, but that's just the way it is. But I'm going to say that
Matthew Montano: Right.
Matthew Montano: You said
Matthew Montano: It is scary. It's scary to know that I'll go down even more. And then what about when I'm
Matthew Montano: To a little bit and I'm not gonna take it like
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't have to do that yet.
Matthew Montano: How, how
Gwenevere Abriel: You write that everybody does. They want to get ahead and say, Oh my gosh, but we don't have to. All we have to do is this little bit the same way.
Gwenevere Abriel: We get our tennis shoes on. We put we put our workout clothes on and we don't have to know whether the gym experience is going to be awesome.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's worth it. This is where you meet the value of what you're doing it, you're not going to skip over being scared.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes scarier than others. You're on a treatment plan that is tapering down. You are not on a taper off treatment plan here it, you are not on a taper off treatment plan right now you understand
Gwenevere Abriel: There may be indeed a holding pattern for quite some time, whatever that number is where you sit here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you've got all the skills you can run a therapy group, you could do therapy, you got this stuff. So under your belt. You're starting to write a book.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you still hoping
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll get there when we get there I have every bit of faith.
Gwenevere Abriel: That the work will get an answer. Over time, you're getting way ahead but that's what fear, does it says
Gwenevere Abriel: We weren't able to meet this distress before will will will make you think we can do it in the future. But she did you have. It's just the way you remembering it is alone and lonely.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or your mother was not available to you. And I'm telling you, you're going to do some healing along the way it will not be as terrifying as you think. So one of us has to remember you're forgetting you are enough
Gwenevere Abriel: And you are healing. No one saying go down to two milligrams
Matthew Montano: Today or tomorrow. He's saying that
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's important that you say it out loud. Every time you see me every time you go to group as many times as you want to. I'm scared I'm scared I'm scared. I, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: How
Gwenevere Abriel: To do that, but it speaks to the value of how hard you are working into the importance of this work. It is not a small thing which you're doing you were enabled for a very long time.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I believe in you. I believe in you because you're doing these things.
Matthew Montano: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Mean, do you want a friend to look at you and say, you're basically flawed.
I
Gwenevere Abriel: Mean, is that a good friend.
Gwenevere Abriel: No good friend says, I know it's scary. Let me take your hand will go. The first mile together and you'll see, and then you'll be leading me and you'll be saying, Come on, why are you holding me back, but you don't have to know what that is today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, I'm scared.
I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to be there for you. There's going to be
Gwenevere Abriel: A recovery of the self. You will remember
Gwenevere Abriel: And be so proud. I'm proud. Yeah. Be proud, but it's gonna be hard earned. You gotta earn it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Boom said
Gwenevere Abriel: I inherited a bunch of pretty shiny things I didn't earn them that I don't get to really brag about that too. I know I didn't earn them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you get to be proud and you should be of what you're doing in this recovery program.
Matthew Montano: And they will
Gwenevere Abriel: Try and feed you align their rationalizing. Well, I was just alcohol. So I'm a drug of choice. You're gonna be like
Gwenevere Abriel: I know that bullshit. I tried it on my therapist didn't work. Don't play a player, listen, you're going to lose it. Okay, you're going to recognize it and be like,
Gwenevere Abriel: This for someone else you'll pass it along. You'll see their strength when they have forgotten.
Gwenevere Abriel: around people that see what you're capable of not missing.
Gwenevere Abriel: missing anything. There's something wrong with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: To be sad, you're grieving this dream. You're supposed to be sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dream a whole life of this beautiful attractive man. Wouldn't it be great if he was also all these other things and we can have a family, you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Not pathological as human means you know how love means you you have hopes and you put them out there.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sad, man.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't skip over we get sad, we feel deeply
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to be doing it differently than the way you did it when you were a little boy, you're going to be doing it differently than you did with other classes. Yeah.
Matthew Montano: And I think depression medication might have to be a part of the process because
Matthew Montano: Just from the, the, I can just remember from when I was really young, maybe middle school just having a negative mindset, a lot like, you know, looking at negative things more than positive things because that's the way my mom was. And that's, that's how I you know I kind of was
Matthew Montano: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you, you're
Matthew Montano: My dad that really positive person, you know, so, but
Matthew Montano: But it seems like
The perpetrates
Gwenevere Abriel: You can see the problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your solutions repeatedly our medication. You can see the problem, intellectually, this was shaped by these people and what makes you think
Gwenevere Abriel: That the scars that were inner personal are going to be medicinal scars. The wounding or inner personal medicinal answer. Wait a minute, why is it that you can't try on the idea that if the wounding if the cut so deeply for Inner personal
Gwenevere Abriel: Why would they be
Matthew Montano: Will. Will I
Matthew Montano: Yeah, will I learn how to, like, okay, so say I'm working like, you know, I work my job at FedEx and
Matthew Montano: I'm really good. I would say
Matthew Montano: In smaller groups of people are one on one.
Matthew Montano: But like when there's a big group. And everybody's like, you know, acting like fools, stuff like that. I can't, can't do that. I feel like I would be back. I can't, I can't fake that it doesn't come natural to me. I'm kind of like
Matthew Montano: You know, you know what I mean, like at the end of the day when we're done with our work, we have I work with guys ever heard of me and stuff and and and there's the two girls. I worked with in my office are. Those are the only two girls that work there.
Matthew Montano: Them to date they they're real playful and stuffing it playful and stuff. And I feel like sometimes I'll be my mind will be in a state of thinking about something in the future or thinking about something that happened in the past. I can't be in the moment, a lot of the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: NASA, Matt.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a lot of pieces you just talked about. Let's just, let's just pick one. If you prefer to be with small groups of people and you prefer one on one. Nothing broken about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you prefer to be around mid tour people. Nothing wrong with that you get to have your preference what meaning do you lay go nice and slow, what meaning. DO YOU MAKE OF LOOK AT THESE PEOPLE acting like idiots. I don't want to play play doesn't look like that to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Meaning you do something inside your head about that as I don't quite know what that is. So they're silly because
Matthew Montano: They're being silly. At the end of the day, they've done their work. They're good workers and then they're just like
Matthew Montano: You know now how I look at this. Just joking around about some bullshit and about something and I look at that and I want to be like that. I want to be able to just I want to be like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm want to be silly.
Matthew Montano: I want to be more playful when when when the time at the right times and it's
Matthew Montano: Like, I'm a war World War II war and I feel like I go into work like this is a mission, you know,
Matthew Montano: It's instead of like, I can't, I don't, I can't like enjoy it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, this is new information. I'm glad we're touching on it. I don't know that we'll have a lot of lot of time to get into it. Some make some notes, you're not able to go into work and enjoy it. Where's your mind usually focus. It's not just task oriented like
Gwenevere Abriel: When what time during the workday. Does the worry switch on
Matthew Montano: As soon as soon as I get up and start getting ready for work. I'm like, just task oriented, and that's what that's what keeps my mind from being able to focus on something funny tell a little joke to lighten up the mood. You know what I mean. Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: So here, let's cross cross reference
Gwenevere Abriel: The way full up in group. Um, let's put those on different screens. There's you go in into work well.
Matthew Montano: Real quick, I'm gonna have to plug in my phone because it's 10%
Matthew Montano: I'm right here I'm just plugging in my phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Putting those two different screens. When you're ready,
Just get something plugged in first.
Matthew Montano: Okay, we're connected
Gwenevere Abriel: So on one side, I want you to remember because I've only seen you in two settings wanting group and what
Matthew Montano: What
Gwenevere Abriel: I've only seen you in group and individual therapy. I haven't seen you at work. So, I have no idea. I haven't seen you out. I don't know what you look like.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I haven't checked in and said, How you feeling, so I don't know. So, picture. There's a group of people in group right
Matthew Montano: Picture what you're thinking how you're feeling just get into that for a month. What I mean group.
Picture it
Are you picturing
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what's the emotion you feel
Matthew Montano: You know, when we went through that thing about manipulation.
Matthew Montano: I do like I answered a lot of those questions. Yes. And I was embarrassed to say it, but I still do a lot of those things.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know
Gwenevere Abriel: I know that's okay.
Matthew Montano: And it's because I think my
Matthew Montano: Being I think I got my mom. She was a big manipulator, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a skill, man.
Matthew Montano: It's like
Gwenevere Abriel: You're. It's a skill. Sometimes we turn on a charm. We asked questions were the smartest kid in the room. That's what you are, you're very charming and you're the smartest client in there and you've got lots to say you're fantastic and I see what you're doing.
Matthew Montano: Yeah yeah
Matthew Montano: Yeah, I'm really yeah really I turned on that charm and then in real life. I'm really charming. I can turn that on and then I'm confident in the way I look. I'm not saying I'm the most gorgeous person in the world. And I have this great confidence. I think I'm perfect.
Matthew Montano: And you know, I can turn that on. But when I'm tired when I'm having an issue like you know is
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on, hold on, let me do my job for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You get to be charming everybody enjoys it you get lots of nice responses. And you also get a little bit afraid that honesty, you said in group you actually said, I think a lot of these are yeses. I think I'm still doing them actually do say some really honest things in there.
Matthew Montano: And sometimes my child meanness, um,
Matthew Montano: Can you know you have those people are more jealous. Get, get that at work. You know, I work with a lot of people, so like I work with other guys who like I guess sometimes when I'm charming. They might feel intimidated by me. Okay, so, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Now switch pictures switch over to picturing it group have you registered intimidating anyone someone getting jealous when you were
Gwenevere Abriel: The best client.
Matthew Montano: Knowing group. It's different because it's over a screen. I don't know exactly how looking because I always want to present myself as looking good.
Matthew Montano: And then I'm I'm it's it's this. I hate video chatting, like I said,
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you notice anyone being jealous.
Matthew Montano: No, not a group because in group one thing that is running through my mind is, if I look okay look okay
Okay.
Matthew Montano: Do I look okay do I sound okay and I'm thinking, I want to
Matthew Montano: say the right thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, we do.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, I feel like I need to see the right beings.
Matthew Montano: To come across. I always want to put out my best.
Matthew Montano: My best self.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm, slowly.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to say the right thing because saying the wrong thing with resulting what
Matthew Montano: In a room, you get off dad.
Matthew Montano: Maybe somebody's thinking, oh, he, he looked
Matthew Montano: He looked a certain way, but he's not really that way or something. You don't mean
Gwenevere Abriel: If someone looked at you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know you don't know what I'd be thinking, but I'm sitting here and I'm thinking something
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you concerned about me being misunderstood.
Matthew Montano: You or
Matthew Montano: Am I concerned about me being misunderstood.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Matthew Montano: Misunderstood or judged because I'm very confident in myself now. But I was teased pretty versus the I hung out with God. Like I played sports hung out with guys but like
Matthew Montano: I, it wasn't like bullying like they were my, my friends were teasing me for being gay. And this was like they would tease this would they would call everybody game and stuff, but I actually was gay. So it would like it would automatically shut me down.
Matthew Montano: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so hold on, hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're in group.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you are charming and you fill the air time air time went right okay you get what like 20 seconds to talk in these groups like nothing but whatever. So there you are. You got your air time. Finally she calls on me. It's my turn. I'm up
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Matthew Montano: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: With the smartest, the most insightful thing that you can say
Gwenevere Abriel: What you don't say is for also
Gwenevere Abriel: I hear it.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you decide
Gwenevere Abriel: To practice the skill.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of sharing vulnerability. Instead, instead of being my star student
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dad saying,
Gwenevere Abriel: This program pisses me off.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if you and I were in a confrontation or what if you caught someone else being superficial and overly saccharin and turning. What if you picked up on something and you had a thought.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you decided not to bring it up, but maybe you brought in here and you talk to me about it. Maybe you recognize it in somewhere else. Maybe you saw someone else's vulnerability and you just say this is too much for me today.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm so angry. Something's getting triggered in me. I'm really sad and you don't talk at all. You never get to say something smart and witty and charming. But you get to pay attention to yourself. You don't know what's going to happen if you do that if you haven't done it.
Matthew Montano: Mm hmm. When I do I
Matthew Montano: I do edit myself a lot
Matthew Montano: And and I do want to be more vulnerable vulnerable because that becomes across as more relatable, because I can, I can go out with that charm like that comes very natural to me. I'm any even manipulation, sometimes, but
Matthew Montano: That isn't always relatable. So sometimes
I wonder
Gwenevere Abriel: Why we're talking about relatable, because right now we're holding onto group. You think you're going somewhere else with it just
Matthew Montano: No, no, no. Because, uh, cuz sometimes I do edit myself and grew and I don't let that vulnerability out and people don't maybe aren't going to relate to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want people to relate to you.
Matthew Montano: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's a part of you that also doesn't want to go to group right
Matthew Montano: Yeah, cuz it's makes you feel uncomfortable. Yeah.
And something important happening there.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's something important when we're at that edge. There's no way you can wiggle around it. When we're something's getting moved around. We're getting a nervous stomach. We're, we're like, oh, look, oh my gosh, I swear. My mouth is moving. I don't even know what I'm saying, I'm just like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh, I'm doing it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not going to get that same AHA experience in here as you are in
Gwenevere Abriel: That you can if you want to use that as a learning opportunity to catch yourself and say, Wait, doing what I always did.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to light.
I wanna
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to be caught off guard and somebody make fun of me. So I'm going to fill it with all these words, all these smart words.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to fit in.
Gwenevere Abriel: But at what cost. And so then you sit within a little longer, and you're quiet and you say, oh, at what cost. I don't get to be a mess. I don't get to cry.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I think
Matthew Montano: My defense mechanism is a is a sorry is a sometimes in large groups just being charming and coming in like seeing the right joke at the right time. Like it's calculated and I come across as mysterious and that's become like a defense mechanism, I guess, in large groups.
Matthew Montano: Because I'm scared I'm scared of being judged. I'm scared of being made fun of.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, so now move over to the other screen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now we're at work. You're tired, Matt, I can tell you have quite a work ethic. Okay, you are working very hard. You got that down, you can focus your attention, you get the job done. You're tired.
Gwenevere Abriel: What happens if you are aloof and quiet. Look at my face.
Gwenevere Abriel: How what emotion. Do you think I'm having just based on this face.
Matthew Montano: Just focus or serious
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay. And if someone was insecure around me. All right, what else might it be
Matthew Montano: This you like me, does this dis you like me should probably hates me.
Gwenevere Abriel: My look man.
Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, yeah. It's just got really bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't want people to see that on your face.
Matthew Montano: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would happen. What's the worst thing that could happen at work. First thing, don't censor what might happen if they think you've got that serious angry face what might happen.
Matthew Montano: Well, cuz I especially with women. Um, and I work with women because I work in an office, there's three of us at FedEx, there's one that she is always watching me and I might just be so stressed out. And I'm like,
Matthew Montano: You know, and she's constantly like she's looking at me like I have a master plan or something like I'm trying to take her out. So she's like, you know, she's
Gwenevere Abriel: So notice how funny. This sounds
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, she's looking at me, I'm looking at her. She's going to me, she's thinking I got a master plan. I'm looking at her, look at her. She's going to be still going to be she's thinking I'm thinking I've got a master plan.
Gwenevere Abriel: What a bunch of mind reading. What's up with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see that you
Gwenevere Abriel: Are looking at her face. Let's just start there.
Matthew Montano: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait, what is it her face. That is a threat to you. What is it about this woman's personality. WHAT IS IT ABOUT THIS WOMAN THAT IS A THREAT TO YOU JUST TRYING TO CATCH IT
Matthew Montano: BECAUSE I WORK. I WORK WITH HER all day because there's we have our office. We each have our desk. There's three desks. So I work with her all day right next to her. So we work together or the or the the
Matthew Montano: Whatever foundation or whatever won't work.
Matthew Montano: But the rest of the people we work with our drivers. So they come in, but you guys just like me and she's super nice to them. She treats me differently.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's work it backwards. That's the story.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's try it. If I'm her right with me if I'm her
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you feel
Gwenevere Abriel: When I treat you.
Different
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you feel around me when I treat you differently. It
Matthew Montano: Makes me feel a
Matthew Montano: Kind of makes me feel sad.
Oh,
Matthew Montano: No. Well, not necessarily. Not, not okay so I'm going back, not to be honest. No, it makes me pissed off because I'm at work. I'm working my ass off. Why are you making my job partner.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, wait.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know if that's made up.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will. I don't know yet. Let's see. And then we're going to have to go. How is she making your job harder. What is she going out of her way to do to make your job harder.
Matthew Montano: Because there's been a few times we've gotten into because she there's the lady like my desk is here. She's right here. And the lady that's worked there for years, but she works the mornings is right behind me, I'm
Matthew Montano: Deseret is her name. She, she's trained me but um
Matthew Montano: She kind of threw me to the woods, you know, she she showed me everything once we have to learn like 15 or 20 different programs and you have to get it right the first time.
Matthew Montano: There's been times when I didn't get something right because she's still don't understand a lot of what she's doing when I wouldn't get something right, or I'd be like, just, hey Deseret
Matthew Montano: This is this time is a 1526 right yes or no question.
Matthew Montano: She gets she got up. One time I showed you this three times already, and she got up. She slammed her chair next to me. You gotta get this yelling or the manager can hear.
Matthew Montano: You're if you're not, you got to get this the first time it seems like you're not getting nothing. You're not getting nothing I'm teaching you. She literally had an outburst like that.
Matthew Montano: I went back at are like desert with i that is not professional, you do not talk to me like that when we got into a big yelling match.
Matthew Montano: We both had to go into the idea. I told you about this. We both had to go into the office and talk it out, she kind of has the issue and in the office. And then she started crying.
Matthew Montano: I need help. I need, and he keeps asking me these questions and I don't add it was a yes she could have said yes or no, and it would have been solved.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now there's a lot. There's a lot going on right and that type of person right there. There's something going on in there.
Matthew Montano: She's she what what it was is when I first started. I'm the manager likes me a lot more she felt threatened by me. I know that's what it is because the manager started giving me telling her let Matt do that today let Matt do that today.
Matthew Montano: You go home Deseret Matt's gonna work do this today because she she you know
Gwenevere Abriel: You have compassion for for in her insecurity.
Matthew Montano: And I do I try my hardest to sue.
You didn't sit there in law.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's insecure, which is a story. You just told it is something you and as well.
Matthew Montano: uncomfortable position to be in.
Everything.
But we're insecure.
Matthew Montano: Everything.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't feel sorry for her no compassion. There's just your sadness and frankly moving forward into anger, we're going to wrap it up right now. But listen, it could be that you do this already sent the email your medications already sent in. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: You could decide today, tomorrow when you go in. I'm going to go about this a little differently.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to have compassion for her. I'm going to relate to her in my mind when I put my
Gwenevere Abriel: Shields down and I'm imagine what it would be like to be afraid.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of losing a job, losing respect.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gary and I have compassion for her.
Gwenevere Abriel: The way you talk, the energy that spent might change.
Gwenevere Abriel: People are scared they're nasty.
Matthew Montano: And and and she has a kid. So she uses that
Matthew Montano: See that's it's tough sometimes because in in a career environment.
Matthew Montano: Sometimes people use that, you know, like I have, I have to take care of my kid or this, that, and I don't have a kid, you know, it should. It's just like, and then they look at me as just some selfish guy that's trying to make a bunch of money.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, no, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're gonna get into that now you have every right to earn a living and enjoy it. Get that car. Have fun. Absolutely. You know, so there's something. There's something something about
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know, we, we can cram it all into 60 seconds here so
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your takeaway from today. What are you going to do with this. What, what do you need to sort of marinate in a little bit longer. We need to get into the dream, but what do you need to sit with a little bit
Matthew Montano: I'm going to try and have compassion.
Matthew Montano: Time trial and figure out why someone might be acting the way they're acting because obviously if they're shooting me that way they're probably threatened by yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Just that alone. Now, I wouldn't go to the lie. All I'm saying is
Gwenevere Abriel: Just to have compassion. This is another human being on this planet that you sit right next to
Gwenevere Abriel: You might just be better at your job and her
Gwenevere Abriel: Friend.
Matthew Montano: Not sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: She might hold on.
Matthew Montano: Excuse me.
Matthew Montano: Like what is that like a stress relief thing for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know. Okay, I gotta go. It is not, I have an air condition, it is not a stress relief. I've tried to tell everybody that I'm trying to relieve an immense amount of pressure in my ears.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got her start this group right away, Matt. The job is not to figure out why.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just try on being compassionate, because that's where two human beings can overlap. She's having a hard time she's scared.
Gwenevere Abriel: Her nastiness her vindictiveness might be coming from there, just get that far. Don't go to this, let's figure out why if you can just give to compassion. You can find your own and yourself too. I've been scared.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been scared that if my truth comes out.
Gwenevere Abriel: The very thing that I enjoy all my friendships my reputation, the enjoyment of sports, the image. All of this will disappear. You do know fear of judgment. Okay. You do know it just even holding that compassion for another human being.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can give it to yourself to we can calm down in that moment that's as far as I want you to get don't that other stuff, you and I can do it together, just see if you can do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Instead of spending time being angry and being threatened being sad. Just hold compassion and if you can also see I too have been manipulative
Gwenevere Abriel: If you can hold those two things you'll get your power back. Okay, just do some invitation, do some homework with it up. See, see how it goes. Let's schedule another time. To me, you're going to be in group next Monday. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay so the following Monday. Do you want to schedule something on like march 16
Gwenevere Abriel: That long are trying to find a way to meet earlier when you want to do.
Matthew Montano: The earlier, the better I this is really helping right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me just see if I can't find it quick. And I'm go to the texting you
Matthew Montano: Do gamma. Gamma do like Mondays and Tuesdays, I'm off and then any other day. Besides that, I can meet you before three so like
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna have to text you right now, it looks like I'm I'm booked up. But I'm going to text you and see if something comes up. Okay.
Matthew Montano: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You really worked hard today. I'm proud of you.
Matthew Montano: Okay, thanks.
Matthew Montano: Okay, bye. Have a good day.